README.md, before:

# workgraph-collections
[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/workgraph-collections.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/workgraph-collections)
[![Docs status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/workgraph-collections/badge)](http://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/)


This repository contains a collection of workgraphs for various codes.

## Qauntum ESPRESSO

- [Equation of state (EOS)](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/qe/eos.html)
- [Bands structure](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/qe/bands.html)
- [Projected density of states (PDOS)](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/qe/pdos.html)
- [X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS)](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/qe/xps.html)
- [Bader Charge](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/qe/bader.html)
- [Wannier90](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/qe/wannier90.html)

## CP2K

- [Equation of state (EOS)](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/cp2k/eos.html)
- [X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS)](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/cp2k/xps.html)


## ASE

### EMT calculator

- [Calculator](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ase/emt/base.html)
- [Atomization energy](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ase/emt.html)

### Espresso calculator

- [Calculator](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ase/espresso/base.html)
- [Equation of state (EOS)](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ase/espresso/eos.html)
- [Atomization energy](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ase/espresso/atomization.html)


## GPAW

- [Calculator](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/gpaw/base.html)
- [Wannier90](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/gpaw/wannier90.html)

Commit message:

Add ASE QE: pdos and bader (#5)
* add ase qe calculator: dos, projwfc, pp
* add ase qe workflow: pdos, bader
* add bader calculator

README.md, after:

# workgraph-collections
[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/workgraph-collections.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/workgraph-collections)
[![Docs status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/workgraph-collections/badge)](http://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/)


This repository offers a variety of workgraphs tailored to different computational codes, providing practical demonstrations of how to utilize aiida-workgraph. Please note, however, that these examples are intended for illustrative purposes only and may not always represent the most correct or efficient usage.


## Qauntum ESPRESSO

- [Equation of state (EOS)](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/qe/eos.html)
- [Bands structure](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/qe/bands.html)
- [Projected density of states (PDOS)](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/qe/pdos.html)
- [X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS)](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/qe/xps.html)
- [Bader Charge](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/qe/bader.html)
- [Wannier90](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/qe/wannier90.html)

## CP2K

- [Equation of state (EOS)](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/cp2k/eos.html)
- [X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS)](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/cp2k/xps.html)


## ASE

### EMT calculator

- [Calculator](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ase/emt/base.html)
- [Atomization energy](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ase/emt.html)

### Espresso calculator

- [Calculator](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ase/espresso/base.html)
- [Atomization energy](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ase/espresso/atomization.html)
- [Equation of state (EOS)](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ase/espresso/eos.html)
- [Projected density of states (PDOS)](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ase/espresso/pdos.html)
- [Bader Charge](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ase/espresso/bader.html)


## GPAW

- [Calculator](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/gpaw/base.html)
- [Wannier90](https://workgraph-collections.readthedocs.io/en/latest/gpaw/wannier90.html)
